God has given; Gift of God
Origin:Hebrew. Meaning: God has given; Gift of God . A boy's name of ancient Hebrew origins, Jonathan first appears in the Christian Bible as a son of King Saul.
Jonathan – Baby Name Meaning, Origin and Popularity

The Bump
https://www.thebump.com › jonathan-baby-name
About Featured Snippets
•
Comments
Other questions
What does the name Jonathan mean?
What is the spiritual meaning of Jonathan?
What is a nickname for Jonathan?
Is Jonathan a royal name?
Comments
Dictionary
Definitions provided by: Oxford Languages ​​· Learn more
Jonathan
/ ˈdʒɒnəθ(ə)n /
noun
a cooking apple of a red-skinned variety first grown in the US.
Comments
More
Jonathan (name)

Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org › wiki › J...
·
Translate this page
Jonathan is a common name given to males which means "YHWH has given" in Hebrew. The earliest known use of the name was in the Bible; one Jonathan was the ...
Jonathan: Name Meaning, Origin, Popularity

Parents
https://www.parents.com › jonath...
·
Translate this page
June 24, 2024 — Jonathan is a Hebrew name meaning “God has given .” It is a shortened version of the name Jehonathan or yehōnātān (Yahweh has given).
How Popular Is the Name...
Name Variations
Similar Names
Short videos

Jonathan Name Origin and Meaning

TikTok · common names

"The Origin of Jonathan: A Biblical Name with Spiritual ...

YouTube · my5stories

Meaning of the Name Jonathan - Gift of God

TikTok · gobtzy

The meaning of JONATHAN's name...

YouTube · weareseede

When 'Adults Only' Does Not Mean 'Kids Free' #Tokyo ...

TikTok · dr.jonathan.hopkirk
More short videos
JONATHAN Definition & Meaning

Merriam-Webster
https://www.merriam-webster.com › ...
·
Translate this page
1. a son of Saul and friend of David according to the account in I Samuel 2. american; especially: a New Englander 3. a medium-sized red-skinned apple.
Johnathan – Baby Name Meaning, Origin and Popularity

The Bump
https://www.thebump.com › johnat...
·
Translate this page
Like many other biblical names, Jonathan has a powerful religious meaning of “gift of God” or “God has given.” Perfect for the new gift in your life, this...
Jonathan: Meaning and Origin of First Name

Ancestry
https://www.ancestry.com › jonathan
·
Translate this page
The name Jonathan finds its roots in Hebrew, deriving from the combination of two elements: Yah (the abbreviated form of Yahweh, the Hebrew name for God)...
Jonathan Name Origin and Meaning

TikTok · commonnames
Plus de 651,5 k vues · il y a 1 an

0:20
David and Jonathan · ☆ Jonathan ☆ · Jonathan Disclaimer · Nicknames for Jonathan · Nicknames to Call Someone Named Jonathan . Jonathan Name...
Jonathan Name Meaning

Mama Natural
https://www.mamanatural.com › j...
·
Translate this page
Jonathan means “gift from God”, which is definitely what he is, as a “surprise” baby. We also loved the biblical character of Jonathan , as he showed a lot of ...
Images
Jonathan Name Meaning, Origin, Popularity, Boy Names Like ...
Johnathan Name Meaning, Origin, Popularity, Boy Names Like ...
Jonathan: Name Meaning, Origin, Popularity
Jonathan Name Meaning, Origin, Popularity & Nicknames
Meaning of the name Jonathan. Origin, life path & personality.
More images
What Does Name “Jonathan” Mean

Seven Reflections
https://www.sevenreflections.com › ...
·
Translate this page
Jonathan Name Meaning. You are honest, benevolent, brilliant and often inventive , full of high inspirations. You are courageous, honest, determined, ...
Jonathan | English meaning - Cambridge Dictionary

Cambridge Dictionary
https://dictionary.cambridge.org › dictionary › jonathan
6 days ago — Jonathan definition: 1. a kind of apple with a red skin and white flesh, used for eating and cooking : 2. a kind of…. Learn more.
Related searches
James meaning
Theodore Meaning
Matthew meaning
Thomas meaning
Jacob name meaning
Raphael meaning
Joshua name meaning
Joseph meaning
